docs: add manual connection note and approval warning for personal-files (#6269)
snapcore/snapcraft: docs/tutorials/craft-a-snap.rst

> If we repack and reinstall the snap, we can install a new font for pyfiglet to use.
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     The ``personal-files`` interface does not auto-connect. You must connect it manually using:
>     ``snap connect <snap-name>:dot-pyfiglet-fonts :personal-files``
>     
>     Additionally, ``personal-files`` is a super-privileged interface. If you intend to publish this snap to the Snap Store, you will need to request manual approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    The ``personal-files`` interface does not auto-connect. You must connect it manually:

    .. code-block:: bash

        snap connect ukuzama-pyfiglet:dot-pyfiglet-fonts

    Additionally, ``personal-files`` is a super-privileged interface. If you intend to publish this snap to the Snap Store, you will need to request manual approval.
```

Author: Hi @medubelko, @mr-cal  and @bepri,

I've hard-reset the branch to fix the rebase mess and applied the exact formatting changes you suggested. The PR is now perfectly clean with just the intended +10 lines.

Thanks for your help and patience!
